# How to use the offloading framework v3 (Bluetooth edition):

Please ensure that before you begin, your bluetooth module is paired with the PC you are using for the offloading.

1. Put all your code that you would like to offload in a method called offloadedCode with the following method signature:

                             `int __attribute__((section(".text.offloaded"))) offloadedCode(void)`

3. Call the method `remoteInit` in place of where you would call `offloadedCode`. `remoteInit` takes two arguments (`USART_TypeDef* USARTx` and `volatile uint32_t* systick_ms`). `USARTx` should be a pointer to a properly initialized `USART_TypeDef` object and `systick_ms` should be a `uint32_t*` to a variable that is incremented every ms. The `USART_TypeDef` is defined in stm32f4xx.h.

4. Call the method `remoteInitSVC` at the begining of your SVC_Handler method

5. Declare the `offloadedCode`, `remoteInit`, and `remoteInitSVC` methods in the relevant places

6. Fill in the following #defines in RemoteInit.h file (all of the following values are in bytes):
   * RAM_START --> The RAM start address on your board
   * RAM_SIZE --> The size of writeable RAM on your board
   * RAM_STACK_SIZE --> how large of a stack does your RAM code need
   * WORD_SIZE --> how big are the words for you MCU, default is 4, should work for most people
   * BAUD_RATE --> Baude rate your bluetooth module is configured to
   * DEVICE_FILE --> Path to the device file of your bluetooth module connection on the PC (ex: for Mac it's `/dev/cu.MODULE_NAME`)
   * COMMS_TIMEOUT --> Timeout in ms for comms methods

7. Add the following flags to your normal compile/link process: `-ffunction-sections -Wl,--gc-section -Wl,`
   This makes sure that methods that are not called will not appear in the final binary  

8. Make the remoteInitBoard library by running `make remoteInitBoard`

9. Make your code normally (but don't forget the extra flags from step 7) and link the remoteInitBoard as you would any other static lib

10. Run the spin_up_ld_script.py script in the Offloading folder as shown below, giving it a path to the elf file of your recently compiled code:
         `python3 spin_up_ld_script.py <path-to-elf-file-of-compiled-code>`
   *note this script requires a library called "pyelftools", install if not already

   This will generate the custom linker script needed to create the offloaded code binary

11. Now compile and link your code as you normally would, but use the initBinStartUp.s file instead of your usual startup file and use the InitCode.ld
   linker script generated by the script in the previous step. **YOU MUST** name the output file InitCode.bin and put it in <OffloadingFramework/remoteInitPC/bin>.
   This is your offloaded code binary.

12. Make and run (in the background) the code that will send the InitCode.bin to the board by running `make remoteInitPC`

13. Flash your board, and your program will run normally.




